Code Review 1:
I hadn't gotten much progress this week. Although I did allocate a considerable amount of time to the project my current progress was just a screen displaying the space invaders logo. The reason for this was that I originally had planned to complete the project in OpenGL to learn the tech. But after I failed to get it running myself I decided not to give up on it and found a discord server filled with people passionate about OpenGL. After talking to them for a while they told me that OpenGL is dead on MacOS and that I'm better off doing something else because it's not worth the effort to get it running on MacOS.

Code Review 2:
I was able to get a lot more progress this week. I managed to get all the sounds and artwork I wanted (some of which I made myself). I got the player's ship displaying and movement working properly. I implemented shooting and a bullet class which could be used for the enemies aswell. A lot of learning happened this week. figuring out how to get bullets working took a very long time, I had no idea how to get this working since I've never actually made a game myself.

Code Review 3: 
This week there was a lot of progress and change. I decided to move away from the traditional space invaders concept of blocky movement and went towards a "dodge mechanic" type of game. I managed to implement enemies that moved along a sin wave and with some tweaking I could make them shoot bullets. I added items that would be dropped whenever a player killed an enemy. I also added a spawn controller that managed the level depending on the time played. This could increase the amount of enemies and health packs spawning if I wanted to.

Final Review:
A lot happened. I added a starting and ending screen. I added difficulties that changed how the game plays depending on the chosend difficulty. I fixed how enemies spawn and fixed hitboxes for everything. I cleaned up some unused code and added comments. I made health packs and mystery packs work properly. Added score with a custom font. Added keeping track of life with custom images. Added music, a death sound and an enemy killed sound. I fixed some bugs that happened when you died the direction wouldn't reset. I could still add enemy bullets but it would make the game too hard to play. I made a pulsating background. I think the game turned out exactly how I wanted it to. Also added a cool mystery power up!